readme.md, before:

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/it0na72/CFF-Values-Quiz/">
    <img src="/classic-fine-foods-logo-1595507375.webp" alt="Logo" width="150" height="100">
  </a>
<h3 align="center">CFF Values Quiz</h3>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://it0na72.github.io/CFF-Values-Quiz/"><b>View Demo</b></a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/it0na72/CFF-Values-Quiz/issue">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/it0na72/CFF-Values-Quiz/issue">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>

## About The Project

This is a simple quiz made for Classic Fine Foods to show the six values of the company. Customer Centricity, Responsibility, Passion, Entrepreneurship, one CFF & Excellence.

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

- Clone this repo
  `git clone https://github.com/it0na72/CFF-Values-Quiz.git`

After cloning this repo you should be able to change as needed.

<!-- ROADMAP -->

## Roadmap

- [x] Improve colour pallet + add logo on the background
- [x] Add a start button before the questions show up, with the logo
- [ ] Fix media queries for mobile + tablet
- [ ] Add video at the end of the quiz
- [x] Add condition that should only show the prize (video) if player gets 5/5 answers
- [x] Add background music as soon as the quiz starts at 10% volume
- [ ] Include transitions and loading effect before the next question (maybe not needed)
- [ ] Add loading page transition with the CFF logo spinning (TBC)
- [x] Add different questions
- [x] Add opening page before starting the quiz explaining what the project is about
- [ ] After the quiz, possibly add the line "While we may come from all around the world, at Classic Fine Foods we speak one language. That language is #OneCFF", then the video plays
- [ ] Add Stuart's video between each correct question
- [ ]

See the [open issues](https://github.com/it0na72/CFF-Values-Quiz/issue) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

added final video + creators html page

readme.md, after:

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/it0na72/CFF-Values-Quiz/">
    <img src="/classic-fine-foods-logo-1595507375.webp" alt="Logo" width="150" height="100">
  </a>
<h3 align="center">CFF Values Quiz</h3>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://it0na72.github.io/CFF-Values-Quiz/"><b>View Demo</b></a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/it0na72/CFF-Values-Quiz/issue">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/it0na72/CFF-Values-Quiz/issue">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>

## About The Project

This is a simple quiz made for Classic Fine Foods to show the six values of the company. Customer Centricity, Responsibility, Passion, Entrepreneurship, one CFF & Excellence.

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

- Clone this repo
  `git clone https://github.com/it0na72/CFF-Values-Quiz.git`

After cloning this repo you should be able to change as needed.

<!-- ROADMAP -->

## Roadmap

- [x] Improve colour pallet + add logo on the background
- [x] Add a start button before the questions show up, with the logo
- [ ] Fix media queries for mobile + tablet
- [x] Add condition that should only show the prize (video) if player gets 5/5 answers
- [x] Add background music as soon as the quiz starts at 10% volume
- [ ] Include transitions and loading effect before the next question (maybe not needed)
- [ ] Add loading page transition with the CFF logo spinning (TBC)
- [x] Add different questions
- [x] Add opening page before starting the quiz explaining what the project is about
- [x] After the quiz, add completed video with all values
- [x] Add Stuart's video between each correct question
- [x] Added external page with all developers
- [ ] Change developers on the last page to show after 5 seconds
- [ ] Fix centering on first button + last "Play Again" & "Check the devs" lines

See the [open issues](https://github.com/it0na72/CFF-Values-Quiz/issue) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
